Before we start using bootstrap, let's have an overview for the complete beginners first of bootstrap
ease access framework as every framework in any programming language.
Its goal is to do more with less effort.
It can be divided into three main groups of features, layout components and utilities.
Agreed features help build responsive website layouts, most users framework's use some kind of a grid
system where content is placed in rows and columns.
Components are pre-built, most commonly used Web elements like buttons, drop downs, forms and similar,
some of the features of the components require a little amount of JavaScript, but most are purely HTML,
Anchia says based.
Utilities let you use flex box colors, font style and such.
You can also use utility classes to quickly apply styles to an HDMI elements without creating custom
success classes.
That's a very popular idea in web development.
Right now, there are frameworks that use only utility classes like a very popular with lot of programmers.
The Tailwind success.
The best way to explore a bootstrap is to go through its documentation, and if you've never heard about
the bootstrap before, it's probably what you should do sooner than later.
Make sure to check out the grid section from the layout.
Forms and patterns from the components.
And flags from the utilities section, this is what we will use throughout this course mostly.